Add kalman filter joint velocity and acceleration estimation (#139)
robotology/whole-body-estimators: devices/wholeBodyDynamics/README.md

| publishNetExternalWrenches |        - | bool          |  -    |      false   |  No      | Flag to stream the net external wrenches acting on each link on the port portPrefix+"/netExternalWrenches:o". The content is a bottle of n pairs, where n is the number of links. The first element of each pair is the name of the link. The second element is yet another list of 6 elements containing the value of the net external wrench, defined in the link frame. The first three elements are the linear part, while the other three are the angular part.| |
| useSkinForContacts     |        - | bool              |  -    |      true    |  No      | Flag to skip using tactile skin sensors for updating contact points and external force (pressure) information | |

> | estimateJointVelocityAcceleration     |        - | bool              |  -    |      false    |  No      | Flag to estimate the joint velocities and accelerations usign a kalman filter. If true, the same measurements from the low level are ignored. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| estimateJointVelocityAcceleration     |        - | bool              |  -    |      false    |  No      | Flag to estimate the joint velocities and accelerations using Kalman filter. If true, the same measurements from the low level are ignored. | |
```
